What I've learned: how to make my profile, how to find people's work and make edit requests
What I'm confused about: how they can respond to my edits.. do they incorporate them, or is my edit only my branch? Is my edit part of their workspace?

One practice for computational reproducibility from Wilson et al:
One of their suggestions for software reproducibility is to make the requirements of your package/program explicit (eg with a "requirements" document) so that any users will know exactly what they need in order to run this program. This is important to ensure that a program can work for others, and is not relying on something unknown that the original creator had installed. This is important for R so that you can keep track of which packages/libraries you need to have in order for the program to run correctly.


GM Feedback: For the most part, your repository is a place for you to work and track changes. As far as edits are concerned, there are a few ways that they can happen. If someone is a collaborator on your repository (e.g., you invited them and added them to the repo), then they can make direct changes to the repository (unless you protect the "main branch", then they have to make a pull request). If they are not on your repository, they can fork your repository, make changes on their end, and submit a pull request. You can either accept or reject their changes. Also, someone can open an "issue" where they can submit a comment or make a suggestion (e.g., "It would be be nice if you added this feature" or "This part of your software insn't working for me", etc.) Hope this clarifies some things! 
